README.md, before:

# CasinoMax - Modern Online Casino Platform

A modern, responsive web application that replicates the CasinoMax online casino platform design. Built with vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for optimal performance and user experience.

## 🎰 Features

### **Modern Casino Interface**
- **Dark Theme Design**: Professional dark gray/black background with green and orange accents
- **Responsive Layout**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Interactive Elements**: Hover effects, animations, and smooth transitions

### **Navigation System**
- **Left Sidebar**: Logo, navigation menu, and user profile
- **Menu Items**: Home, All Games, Favorites, Live Casino, Tournaments, Promotions, Community, Banking, Settings
- **Active States**: Visual feedback for current page/section

### **Main Content Area**
- **Promotional Banners**: Welcome bonus and VIP program offers
- **Recent Wins Feed**: Live updates of player wins and jackpots
- **Game Categories**: Slots and Roulette sections with game cards
- **Interactive Game Cards**: Click to play, favorite games, preview options

### **Global Chat System**
- **Live Chat**: Real-time chat with other players
- **User Avatars**: Color-coded avatars for different users
- **Win Notifications**: Special badges for winning messages
- **Auto-scroll**: Automatically scrolls to latest messages

### **Interactive Features**
- **Real-time Updates**: Live online count, chat messages, recent wins
- **Notifications**: Toast notifications for user actions
- **Balance Management**: Simulated balance updates
- **Game Interactions**: Click to play, favorite games, preview games

## 🚀 Getting Started

### **Prerequisites**
- Node.js (version 14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### **Installation**
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd casino-max
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser to `http://localhost:3000`

### **Building for Production**
```bash
npm run build
```

## 🎨 Design Features

### **Color Scheme**
- **Primary Background**: #1a1a2e (Dark blue-gray)
- **Secondary Background**: #2c3e50 (Darker blue-gray)
- **Accent Green**: #27ae60 (Success, active states)
- **Accent Orange**: #f39c12 (Warnings, highlights)
- **Text Colors**: #ffffff (Primary), #bdc3c7 (Secondary), #95a5a6 (Muted)

### **Typography**
- **Font Family**: Arial, sans-serif
- **Font Weights**: Regular (400), Bold (700)
- **Responsive Sizing**: Scales appropriately across devices

### **Layout Structure**
- **Left Sidebar**: 200px fixed width (60px on mobile)
- **Main Content**: Flexible width, responsive grid
- **Right Chat**: 300px fixed width (hidden on mobile)

## 🔧 Technical Details

### **Technologies Used**
- **HTML5**: Semantic markup structure
- **CSS3**: Modern styling with Grid, Flexbox, and animations
- **Vanilla JavaScript**: No frameworks, pure performance
- **Font Awesome**: Icons and visual elements
- **Vite**: Fast development server and build tool

### **Browser Support**
- Chrome 60+
- Firefox 60+
- Safari 12+
- Edge 79+

### **Performance Features**
- **Optimized CSS**: Efficient selectors and minimal repaints
- **Lazy Loading**: Images and content load as needed
- **Smooth Animations**: Hardware-accelerated transitions
- **Responsive Images**: Appropriate sizing for different devices

## 📱 Responsive Design

### **Desktop (1200px+)**
- Full three-column layout
- All features visible
- Optimal spacing and sizing

### **Tablet (768px - 1199px)**
- Compressed chat sidebar
- Adjusted grid layouts
- Maintained functionality

### **Mobile (767px and below)**
- Collapsed sidebar (icon-only)
- Hidden chat sidebar
- Single-column main content
- Touch-friendly interactions

## 🎮 Interactive Elements

### **Navigation**
- Click navigation items to switch sections
- Visual feedback for active states
- Smooth transitions between states

### **Game Cards**
- Click to "play" games
- Star icons to favorite games
- Hover effects and animations
- Preview buttons for some games

### **Chat System**
- Type messages and press Enter
- Click send button
- Auto-scroll to latest messages
- Real-time message updates

### **Banners**
- Claim welcome bonus
- Learn about VIP program
- Balance updates and notifications

## 🔮 Future Enhancements

### **Planned Features**
- **Real Game Integration**: Connect to actual casino games
- **User Authentication**: Login/register system
- **Payment Processing**: Real money transactions
- **Live Chat**: WebSocket-based real-time chat
- **Game Statistics**: Player stats and history
- **Mobile App**: Native mobile application

### **Technical Improvements**
- **PWA Support**: Progressive Web App capabilities
- **Offline Mode**: Basic functionality without internet
- **Performance**: Further optimization and caching
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliance improvements
- **Testing**: Comprehensive test suite

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## 📞 Support

For support or questions, please contact the development team or create an issue in the repository.

---

**CasinoMax** - Bringing the casino experience to your browser! 🎰✨

Commit message:

Rebrand from CasinoMax to Arcane Games - update all references across site

README.md, after:

# Arcane Games - Premium Gaming Platform

A modern, responsive web application that replicates the Arcane Games premium gaming platform design. Built with vanilla HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for optimal performance and user experience.

## 🎰 Features

### **Modern Casino Interface**
- **Dark Theme Design**: Professional dark gray/black background with green and orange accents
- **Responsive Layout**: Works perfectly on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- **Interactive Elements**: Hover effects, animations, and smooth transitions

### **Navigation System**
- **Left Sidebar**: Logo, navigation menu, and user profile
- **Menu Items**: Home, All Games, Favorites, Live Casino, Tournaments, Promotions, Community, Banking, Settings
- **Active States**: Visual feedback for current page/section

### **Main Content Area**
- **Promotional Banners**: Welcome bonus and VIP program offers
- **Recent Wins Feed**: Live updates of player wins and jackpots
- **Game Categories**: Slots and Roulette sections with game cards
- **Interactive Game Cards**: Click to play, favorite games, preview options

### **Global Chat System**
- **Live Chat**: Real-time chat with other players
- **User Avatars**: Color-coded avatars for different users
- **Win Notifications**: Special badges for winning messages
- **Auto-scroll**: Automatically scrolls to latest messages

### **Interactive Features**
- **Real-time Updates**: Live online count, chat messages, recent wins
- **Notifications**: Toast notifications for user actions
- **Balance Management**: Simulated balance updates
- **Game Interactions**: Click to play, favorite games, preview games

## 🚀 Getting Started

### **Prerequisites**
- Node.js (version 14 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### **Installation**
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd casino-max
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser to `http://localhost:3000`

### **Building for Production**
```bash
npm run build
```

## 🎨 Design Features

### **Color Scheme**
- **Primary Background**: #1a1a2e (Dark blue-gray)
- **Secondary Background**: #2c3e50 (Darker blue-gray)
- **Accent Green**: #27ae60 (Success, active states)
- **Accent Orange**: #f39c12 (Warnings, highlights)
- **Text Colors**: #ffffff (Primary), #bdc3c7 (Secondary), #95a5a6 (Muted)

### **Typography**
- **Font Family**: Arial, sans-serif
- **Font Weights**: Regular (400), Bold (700)
- **Responsive Sizing**: Scales appropriately across devices

### **Layout Structure**
- **Left Sidebar**: 200px fixed width (60px on mobile)
- **Main Content**: Flexible width, responsive grid
- **Right Chat**: 300px fixed width (hidden on mobile)

## 🔧 Technical Details

### **Technologies Used**
- **HTML5**: Semantic markup structure
- **CSS3**: Modern styling with Grid, Flexbox, and animations
- **Vanilla JavaScript**: No frameworks, pure performance
- **Font Awesome**: Icons and visual elements
- **Vite**: Fast development server and build tool

### **Browser Support**
- Chrome 60+
- Firefox 60+
- Safari 12+
- Edge 79+

### **Performance Features**
- **Optimized CSS**: Efficient selectors and minimal repaints
- **Lazy Loading**: Images and content load as needed
- **Smooth Animations**: Hardware-accelerated transitions
- **Responsive Images**: Appropriate sizing for different devices

## 📱 Responsive Design

### **Desktop (1200px+)**
- Full three-column layout
- All features visible
- Optimal spacing and sizing

### **Tablet (768px - 1199px)**
- Compressed chat sidebar
- Adjusted grid layouts
- Maintained functionality

### **Mobile (767px and below)**
- Collapsed sidebar (icon-only)
- Hidden chat sidebar
- Single-column main content
- Touch-friendly interactions

## 🎮 Interactive Elements

### **Navigation**
- Click navigation items to switch sections
- Visual feedback for active states
- Smooth transitions between states

### **Game Cards**
- Click to "play" games
- Star icons to favorite games
- Hover effects and animations
- Preview buttons for some games

### **Chat System**
- Type messages and press Enter
- Click send button
- Auto-scroll to latest messages
- Real-time message updates

### **Banners**
- Claim welcome bonus
- Learn about VIP program
- Balance updates and notifications

## 🔮 Future Enhancements

### **Planned Features**
- **Real Game Integration**: Connect to actual casino games
- **User Authentication**: Login/register system
- **Payment Processing**: Real money transactions
- **Live Chat**: WebSocket-based real-time chat
- **Game Statistics**: Player stats and history
- **Mobile App**: Native mobile application

### **Technical Improvements**
- **PWA Support**: Progressive Web App capabilities
- **Offline Mode**: Basic functionality without internet
- **Performance**: Further optimization and caching
- **Accessibility**: WCAG compliance improvements
- **Testing**: Comprehensive test suite

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

## 🤝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Make your changes
4. Test thoroughly
5. Submit a pull request

## 📞 Support

For support or questions, please contact the development team or create an issue in the repository.

---

**Arcane Games** - Bringing premium gaming to your browser! 🎮✨
